Open issues
       
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOL

1. Congestion control

What kind of congestion control mechanism (if any) should we implement?


SECURITY

1. Authentication

Only authenticated peers should be able to perform connections, movements of 
connection endpoint and changings to the endpoint address set for multihoming 
datagram sockets. WE WILL COVER THIS LATER.

2. Encryption/Compression

We can use SSL on top of stream mockets, or use the mockets framework on top
of a VPN.


IMPLEMENTATION

1. "Connected" UDP sockets

"Connected" UDP sockets can give problems when trying to reconnect them to 
another address. "Unconnected" UDP sockets instead are prone to asynchronous
errors. See [UNPv1e3] chapter 8.

2. Interaction between SO_RCV buffer and mocket-layer receive buffer

How do we handle the interactions between the SO_RCV buffer for UDP sockets 
inside the kernel and the mocket-layer receive buffer? What window size 
should we advertise?

3. Handling overriding messages on datagram mockets

When we are transmitting a packet which overrides another packet for which
we didn't receive the ack we should ignore ack for the previous sequenced.

So, when we are creating a flow with messages overriding capabilities, we
should warn the receiving mocket.

4. Linger

Should we support SO_LINGER like connection close?

5. Limit outgoing bandwidth

We should design some kind of bandwidth limiting restrictions for UDP sockets.


Bibliography:

S. Fu and M. Atiquzzaman, SCTP: State of the art in Research, Products, and Technical Challenges
http://www.cs.ou.edu/~atiq/papers/04-com-mag-sctp-survey.pdf

S. Floyd, Issues of TCP with SACK
ftp://ftp.ee.lbl.gov/papers/issues_sa.ps.Z

[UNPv1e3] W. R. Stevens, B. Fenner and A. M. Rudoff, Unix Network Programming Vol.1 3rd Edition

RFC2018 - TCP Selective Acknowledgement Options

RFC2581 - TCP Congestion Control

RFC3286 - An Introduction to the Stream Control Transmission Protocol

RFC3309 - Stream Control Transmission Protocol

RFC3390 - Increasing TCP's Initial Window

RFC3758 - SCTP Partial Reliability Extension

